Feat/32 go modules (#273)
odahu/odahu-flow: packages/operator/README.MD

make build-all

# The API service will use the current kube config.
./webserver
# If you specify the local backend then the API service will startup etcd and kube API locally.

> # Download the the kubebuilder asset by link https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/releases/tag/v1.0.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Download the the kubebuilder asset by https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/releases/tag/v2.3.1 link
```
